We are like a tower like a radar station in the air.
lieutenant Colonel Thomas R from the
German air force, flying with Nato Awacs
and the aircraft commander of today's
flight and our mission today is to fly
from Konya towards the turkish-syrian
border
and we fly in orbit there
for several hours so our mission crew
can have a look into the Syrian airspace
to see what is actually flying in Syria
right now
but is a depiction of the Syrian border
you can see in red
we are flying right here
My Name is Andy I'm a surveillance
operator on board Awacs and an instructor.
you can really see in the last two years by a
joint effort done by the coalition that
Isis has really been isolated in very
very tiny positions and that shows you
that the joint effort that we have done
here in the last two years has really
worked and also you can see that there's
less air from air movements nowadays
which is also a sign that the operation
here is successful
50 40 30 20 10